tls config doc (#1144)
Kuadrant/mcp-gateway: docs/guides/how-to-install-and-configure.md

The operator preserves user-added volumes, volume mounts, and command flags across reconciliations.

#### Supported TLS Configurations

The gateway uses TLS termination (`tls.mode: Terminate`) on HTTPS listeners. Envoy decrypts incoming TLS, processes the request (ext_proc, AuthPolicy), then forwards **plain HTTP** to backends. This affects which backend setups work:

**Fully supported — tool discovery and tool calls work:**

- **HTTP listener → HTTP backend** — no TLS involved.
- **HTTPS listener → HTTP backend** — Envoy terminates client TLS, forwards HTTP to backend. Requires `--gateway-ca-cert` if the listener uses a private CA.
- **HTTPS listener → external HTTPS backend (with DestinationRule)** — Envoy terminates client TLS, then a DestinationRule configures TLS origination to the external service. See [External MCP Servers](./external-mcp-server.md).

> - **Any listener → internal HTTPS backend (`caCertSecretRef`)** — the broker connects directly to the backend using the CA cert, so tool discovery works. However, `tools/call` is routed through Envoy, which sends plain HTTP to the TLS backend after termination. The backend rejects the non-TLS connection.

Reviewer: Suggestion: change "HTTPS listener" to "Any listener". The DestinationRule handles TLS origination on the upstream side regardless of the listener protocol. An HTTP listener talking to an external HTTPS backend (e.g. GitHub) uses the same DestinationRule pattern.

```suggestion
- **Any listener → external HTTPS backend (with DestinationRule)** — Envoy terminates client TLS (if HTTPS), then a DestinationRule configures TLS origination to the external service. See [External MCP Servers](./external-mcp-server.md).
```

> 
> > **Workaround:** To enable `tools/call` for an internal TLS backend, create an Istio DestinationRule with TLS origination for that service — the same pattern used for [external MCP servers](./external-mcp-server.md). This tells Envoy to re-encrypt traffic to the backend.
> 
> The `--mcp-gateway-public-host` flag tells the router which `Host` header to expect on incoming requests, so it avoids rewriting it during routing.

Reviewer: This is in the "fully supported" list but tools/call doesn't actually work without the workaround. Suggest moving it to a separate section and inlining the workaround:

```suggestion

**Requires additional setup:**

- **Any listener → internal HTTPS backend (`caCertSecretRef`)** — the broker connects directly to the backend using the CA cert, so tool discovery works. However, `tools/call` is routed through Envoy, which sends plain HTTP after termination. The backend rejects the non-TLS connection. To fix this, create an Istio DestinationRule with TLS origination for that service — the same pattern used for [external MCP servers](./external-mcp-server.md).
```
